Update many to many relation example (#1093)
cap-js/docs: guides/domain-modeling.md

```

Behind the scenes the equivalent of the model above would be generated, with the link table called `Projects.members` and the backlink association to `Projects` in there called `up_`.

> Please consider that for SAP Fiori elements 'project' and 'user' fields shall not be keys, even if any combination shall be unique, because as keys those fields could not be edited on the UI, thus requiring a different key and the unique constraint being expressed via `@assert.unique`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Consider that for SAP Fiori elements 'project' and 'user' shall not be keys, even if their combination is unique, because as keys those fields can't be edited on the UI. In this case a different key (e.g. a UUID) is required, and the unique constraint for `project` and `user` can be expressed via `@assert.unique`.
```

> Consider that for SAP Fiori elements 'project' and 'user' shall not be keys, even if their combination is unique, because as keys those fields can't be edited on the UI. In this case a different key (e.g. a UUID) is required, and the unique constraint for `project` and `user` can be expressed via `@assert.unique`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Consider that for SAP Fiori elements 'project' and 'user' shall not be keys, even if their combination is unique, because as keys those fields can't be edited on the UI. In this case a different key is required, for example a UUID, and the unique constraint for `project` and `user` can be expressed via `@assert.unique`.
```

> Please consider that for SAP Fiori elements you should not use [_Compositions of Aspects_](#composition-of-aspects) because necessary annotations are hard to add. Moreover 'project' and 'user' fields shall not be keys, even if any combination shall be unique, because as keys those fields could not be edited on the UI, thus requiring a different key and the unique constraint being expressed via `@assert.unique`.

Reviewer: Hi @schiwekM , can you please explain what you mean by "necessary annotations are hard to add". Can you provide an example?

Author: I checked again and with `annotate Orders.Items with @()`. I think in the past this was not possible, if I remember correctly (or at least Code completion did brought it up) and probably I missed the update. The line is now removed

[Learn more about Compositions of Aspects in the _CDS Language Reference_](../cds/cdl#managed-compositions){ .learn-more}

Behind the scenes this will add an entity named `Orders.Items` with a backlink association named `up_`, so effectively generating the same model as above. You can annotate the inline composition with UI annotations as follows:

```cds
annotate Orders.Items with @(
   UI.LineItem : [
      {Value: pos},

>       {Value: quantity}
>    ]
> )

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      {Value: quantity},
   ],
);
```
